Clarify compaction docs. (#14225)
apache/druid: docs/data-management/automatic-compaction.md

* `context`: Set according to the user-provided `taskContext`.

> Compaction tasks fetch all [relevant segments](compaction.md#compaction-io-configuration) prior to launching any subtasks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compaction tasks typically fetch all [relevant segments](compaction.md#compaction-io-configuration) prior to launching any subtasks,
```

> _unless_ the following items are all set. It is strongly recommended to set all of these items to non-null values to

Reviewer: Maybe use the word `field` instead of `item`.

> _unless_ the following items are all set. It is strongly recommended to set all of these items to non-null values to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_unless_ the following fields are all set to non-null values. It is strongly recommended to set these fields to 
```

> _unless_ the following items are all set. It is strongly recommended to set all of these items to non-null values to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_unless_ the following items are all set. It is strongly recommended to set all of these properties to non-null values to
```

maximize performance and minimize disk usage of the `compact` tasks launched by auto-compaction:

> - [`granularitySpec`](compaction.md#compaction-granularity-spec), including all three of `segmentGranularity`, `queryGranularity`, and `rollup`

Reviewer: Slight rephrase:
```suggestion
- [`granularitySpec`](compaction.md#compaction-granularity-spec), with non-null values for each of `segmentGranularity`, `queryGranularity`, and `rollup`.
```
